so the topic of our live today is tick
tock for business uh to start um
i will invite nicholas to share with you
a little bit about how he got started on
tick tock and then i'll share the same
and as we're talking please feel free to
add ask questions and we'll get to them
so nicholas how did you get started on
tick tock
um i procrastinated for many many months
and then i said you know let me try this
tic tac thing out and just started
sharing one piece of content a day
and you know i don't even have that big
of a following yet but i think it's just
uh it's amazing the type of engagement
i've been seeing compared to
all the things i've tried in the past
from facebook instagram youtube uh you
know nothing has really had this level
of engagement and as we know
eventually marketers will ruin all of
this so i think you know for anyone
thinking of jumping on the content side
of this platform and start producing
content like now is the time jump on now
start building your audience because uh
who knows how long it's gonna last
definitely i have a similar story i
downloaded tiktok at the beginning of
the pandemic i just come back from that
leave was going back to my job at google
and thought what's changed in digital
marketing over the last 18 months
so i downloaded the app one cold march
evening and it was like i emerged for
air four hours later i don't know what
happened and i just thought this thing
is going to change
everything but it actually took more
than a year before i even created my
first video at first i wouldn't even
videos i was like i'm just here as an
experiment then i started watching more
and liking started commenting on videos
and then
one day i saw a video by um at sell
anything online i'm not sure if anyone
here follows parkwell um anita puts out
great content and she did a video about
google ads and it had like 10 000 views
and i thought oh my god there's 10 000
people who care
about google ads who knew
and so that's what actually inspired me
to create my first
tick tock and i started with three a day
which i don't do anymore but in the
beginning oh wow
and um and yeah and then just started
growing and growing and people started
asking me if i could help them with
their business and the answer to that
question is always yes
and uh and so here we are today
uh and so the next thing i thought would
be really helpful to share with the
people who are here today nicholas
is um an example of the value that
tiktok brings to the business because
often on tick tock we talk about
followers and likes and yes followers
and likes are nice but followers and
likes don't pay the bills um so do you
want to share one of the ways that tic
toc actually brings business value to
your business
yeah absolutely so like the one of my
main goals this year has been to grow my
email list so i have a weekly email it's
absolutely free it's about growth
marketing as you could probably guess
and i was surprised at how much traffic
i've been generating from tick tock so i
have a link in my bio using one of those
like link tree type uh situations where
you know there's a whole bunch of those
types of platforms out there and you
know i don't even like promote the
newsletter that much but i think just by
sharing valuable content showing up
consistently showing that you actually
have something of value to to provide
like just by default having a link there
with some additional resources
it's going to help you grow whatever
list you want to grow a youtube channel
but i would say it's it's important to
try to focus on like one thing at a time
so like early on i remember i was like
should i promote my youtube channel my
instagram my website my consulting
services my newsletter and i said no
let's try to go all in on the newsletter
and that's really um been a an amazing
opportunity to sort of build an audience
outside of tiktok while also leveraging
um this amazing audience on platform
i actually found the same thing you did
at first i just created videos that said
you know follow me ask me anything
uh and then i thought like wow all these
people are following me but just because
they're following me it doesn't seem
mean that they're gonna like see my
videos again and so now at the end of
almost every video i try to say like
sign up for my emails come sign up for
my email sign up for my email so that we
can develop that relationship and my
fellow torontonian has a question are
subscribers better than email contacts
the reason is i almost never read emails
um so i think what you're asking so when
we say that someone's subscribing that's
someone subscribing to our email list so
it is an email that they're receiving um
but hey if you never read your emails
and like fair enough glance we all have
overflowing inboxes but um nice thing um
from an organic standpoint is you when
you email someone you at least know that
email's gonna
get to their inbox whereas when you put
out a video on tick tock like that
person may never see it
on their for you page
i mean on tick tock
articulation like followers on tick tock
versus email what do you think about
that nicholas
yeah i mean i totally get you i i know
people say they don't read their email
but like the stats are out there if you
look at the stats the most um in demand
channel right now is email if you look
at the roi of any marketing channel
usually email is either number one or
it's up there at the top in terms of all
the different things you could do
in terms of marketing channels social
media seo
um paid advertising like in terms of the
return on investment that you can
generate email is still king
is that changing yeah is it going to be
that case in another few years who knows
but right now there's like this
resurgence going on especially for
newsletters and i'm not talking about
like just general like get updates
newsletters but newsletters that are
very focused on one niche or one topic
that provides value that are free um you
know there's a huge opportunity to
create a newsletter like that and then
to monetize it because that's the key
like one of the easiest platforms to
monetize right now above and beyond tick
tock would be email because you can
monetize it with sponsorships affiliate
marketing or like what jill is doing you
know creating a course and then
promoting a course to your email list so
i think this is a a great time to look
into email marketing
yeah and i also really want to drive
home the point like i have 30 000 tick
tock followers and that sounds really
impressive and i can throw around that
number to sound impressive
but most of my videos get a couple
hundred or a couple thousand views not
even just like views and that's it
and you know i out of curiosity started
another tick tock account uh in a
different niche you're not going to tell
the username because i'm doing an
experiment here
um
took what i've learned from this channel
and started putting up videos there and
you know what i have 21 followers over
there and my video is going to have 100
or a couple thousand views oh wow so
whether you have 21 followers or three
or 3 000 followers doesn't matter on
tick tock the algorithm is key and the
way to beat the algorithm like there's
no hack it's what nicholas said earlier
add value just add value for your
audience
uh steve wants to know what would be the
best way to build your email list
nicholas do you want to take that one
ooh well to build on what what jill just
said you know
create value
number one is don't come off as as
salesy or or pushy like just provide
value show that you're an expert in your
niche and you know you can also try
creating what's called a lead magnet and
i talk about this in some of my tick
tock videos but elite magnet is just a
simple
document you create or maybe it's a free
course maybe it's a video and in order
to get access to it someone would have
to put in their email address and of
course they would also see that they
would be opting into your email list so
you'd have that disclaimer there but
that's probably been one of the best
ways i've been able to build my list
over the years is creating different
lead magnets testing them
also once you start building that email
list you can leverage the list to get
referrals so there's a lot of software
out there that'll help you create
referral programs and i think at this
point a third of my um 4 500 person
email list has come from referrals
from other people
sharing it and you know you can
incentivize it like i have different
little prizes you can get if you refer a
certain number of people so referrals
are good lead magnets are good but at
the end of the day it comes down to what
value are you providing because that's
what's going to hook people
definitely i agree with that fully and
the next question again from lance is
should we start pumping out videos even
if the product is not finished i would
say yes
and here's why
um when your product is finished and
ready to go and i'll use my own course
as an example right i have a course
learn.jill.ca uh it's not finished yet
you can pre-order it and today is the
first time i'm talking about it i'm
talking about it because people aren't
just gonna like wake up one morning and
happen to hear your marketing message
the day you happen to launch your
product right um you want to build a
relationship with them over time so that
as you come up with one product and the
next and the next they're coming to you
they already have that relationship with
you
so i would suggest a few months before
you have your product or service ready
start creating valuable content whether
it's posting on tick tock or putting out
the emails or whatever it might be so
that you can start building an audience
and that way when it's time to launch
you're not starting from zero you
already have this captive audience who
you haven't been trying to sell sell
sell sell to and then i say look i'm so
glad you've been enjoying my free
content if you want some more
here's my product that you can buy i've
created it for you enjoy
uh you're welcome lance and so that's
again what i'm doing here with my
product my new course on tick tock for
business uh
learn.jill.ca uh i've priced the course
at 28 but with code early bird you can
get it age seven um but also like i post
tons of videos on my tick tock about tik
tok for business nicholas and i are here
doing this free live today about it
right we're creating value to p for
people like you who want to grow
on tick tock and then if you choose to
join nicholas's email list or buy his
services or products or choose to my
products or service my products services
that's great if not that's also totally
fine because you're part of our audience
and the fact that you even engage with
our live our videos helps expand our
audience and get it to more people as
well
yeah thank you for your question if i
can add on to that um first i want to
give a shout out to sam sensei i see
he's in the in the audience i love his
content awesome hey glad to see you here
but you know there's a really good book
that gary vaynerchuk created many years
ago called jab jab jab right hook and it
talks about
exactly what jill just mentioned about
you have to jab jab jab and give value
before you ask for that sale which would
be the right hook in that in that
analogy because otherwise you know if i
showed up at your door hey do you want
to buy this um avocado
a toy from my from my son um you know
you don't want it but if i was teaching
you about avocados for the last three
months and educating you then when it's
time to sell an avocado you're much more
likely to buy so absolutely don't focus
just on your product focus on the
problem that you're trying to solve for
your audience and start educating them
because you can educate without having a
product ready to sell
and i asked one um is it davin fairley
david fairy i'm so sorry i'm not trying
to pronounce your name but thank you for
the shout out um to everyone who this is
a creator who i only came across the
first time yesterday he's new to tick
tock and puts out amazing google ads
content and i think that's another great
example of like the circle of life you
know like i started creating a few
months ago because i thought someone
else and then you start putting out
amazing content which i'm then learning
from even though i'm a google ads expert
too
um something else that i think is really
great about the tick tock for business
community is there's very much like a
rising tide lifts all boats here and so
like nicholas and i we've seen each
other's content and liked each other's
videos and commented on each other's
videos and we're just like hey like
let's
collaborate and like in another
world he and i might be considered like
competitors gir we're both marketers
trying to get clients sell our products
um but tick tock really and building a
business on tick tock is about community
and about building not just an audience
um but also building relationships with
other creators in your niche and working
together to
help everyone grow um so thank you for
um joining the live with me today
nicholas and thank you to um
devon fairley i apologize for butchering
your name um for that shout out as well
and for those who are joining a bit late
and like what's going on here um this is
a tick tock for business chat with
nicholas growth marketer and me jill the
google pro we both um
put out content on tick tock for
business owners who want to learn about
marketing and wanted to hop on to share
how we've been growing our businesses
through tick tock specifically so if you
have any questions put it into the chat
there um next question i'm gonna ask
nicholas is what would you say is one of
the mistakes you've made
on tick tock that you're like oh i'm not
gonna do that again
ah ooh good question i would say it
maybe early on focusing a little too
much on trends
and
sometimes you can jump on this trend
train because i know a lot of people who
are like tick-tock gurus they're like oh
this is the hot trend you gotta jump on
right now and then you as a business
tick tock yeah exactly as a business
tick tock person like you know we're not
in lip sync tick tock we're not in cat
video tik tok we're in trying to provide
value tick tock and so trying to
translate a trend to the business
environment while you know it's always
important to have some type of humor and
entertainment mixed in with your content
if you go a little too overboard with
that you may attract followers but they
may not be the ideal followers for you
and that could actually end up hurting
your engagement down down the line if
people followed you just because your
content was funny but they don't really
care to learn about marketing or google
or growth marketing or whatever so i
would say don't obsess too much over
trends really focus on what are the
questions your audience has who is your
audience and how can you provide value
for them while sprinkling in a little
bit of humor uh and viral content here
and there
definitely i would say one of the
mistakes i made early on because i was
not a content creator at all before this
i'm a paid marketing expert um was not
using any hooks when i had a video i
would just start recording and say so
this is how you're going to do this or
this is how you're going to do that uh
and so learning um from other creators
as well like index me jules is great or
mrs rachel peterson how these hooks at
the beginning of the videos um that
being said i have some pet peeves i hate
when people say that something's illegal
or should be illegal because usually
and i hate when they're like nobody
wants you to know this like it's one
thing to say nobody knows this or
whatever but they don't want you to know
i don't know i have some pet peeves
around hooks but that being said i do
think hooks are important and there's
something i definitely was missing at
the beginning and now i'm always
experimenting with new hooks um
to grab attention for videos um let's
jump right into
did it take for both of you to find your
voice on tick tock um i'll take that one
first then i'll pass it over to you as
well nicholas um
when i started creating content for tick
tock i actually thought very
deliberately not just so my voice was
going to be what my appearance was going
to be especially as like a 30-something
woman on this platform like how was i
going to appear
uh and so i made the conscious decision
i like i don't use filters i don't use
beauty mode i don't put on any makeup i
don't dress up just like this is what i
look like and it's as if i'm just like
bringing you into my home this is my
office this is my home um
talking to you because i wanted my
videos my content to really just be
about what's up here and not like what's
here and here um so that was a
deliberate
choice
i made and then i'm really glad i made
to just be really natural and authentic
in my outward appearance and by doing
that it made it really easy for me to be
natural with my voice so the way i am
here like this is how i am um and that's
what a lot of my friends and former
colleagues have said to me when they
watch my videos like it's just like
we're it's just like you're here it's
just like we're talking to you so i
guess maybe part of being a woman in
business is i actually thought about the
exterior before i thought about like the
voice um what about you nicholas
yeah um you know i've been creating
content for forever i've been doing
marketing for 12 years um i've been
running my own agency for six years i've
been podcasting since 2015 and i think
that was really what
helped me find my voice was podcasting
because at this point i've done like
over 200 episodes uh most of them
interviews and so it for me the
challenge with tick tock was taking the
long form content that i was used to and
really condensing it down
and also just doing solo content because
i was so used to interacting uh with
others on webinars or doing
podcast interviews but in terms of the
content topics like that was easy
because over these 12 years i picked up
so many different little marketing hacks
and tips and tools and tricks um so like
i could go on and on about like you know
you want to learn about email marketing
or seo or whatever um so the content
like the idea is actually the easy part
but the hard part at least for me was
making it as concise as possible to fit
into that 15 second or one minute or
three minute sound bite
and i think another hard part as well is
staying really focused on a niche
something i've noticed on tick tock that
i don't think is the same on all of the
platforms is like
there are exceptions but for the most
part i think to be successful to pick a
niche
and stick that niche and by that i mean
like pick a target audience and
understand them well
and like don't really stray from that
and that's something that's been tricky
for me like i picked the niche of small
business owners and i love the nation's
small business owners and within that
it's google stuff you know like i'm the
google pro google stuff um and i like
talking about stuff other than google
but like that even like tick tock for
business right um but it's not what
people expect from me and so that's
something i've been grappling with like
do i change my username no i like being
the google pro but like how to balance
that um
but you know i think google is such an
important part of every business because
there's so many different facets of
google for marketing i mean there's
analytics there's google my business
there's local seo there's seo in general
there's the paid side of google so i
think it's perfect that you're targeting
business owners but you're sort of um
applying this layer on top of it of
google because there's so many services
and so much complexity with google but
like how do you run a business these
days without
you know leveraging google it's just i i
think it's impossible
it's true and i do say i also noticed a
bit of a niche because i noticed a lot
of people on here talking about like
facebook ads
and not as many talking about the google
ecosystem yeah there's a lot of facebook
ad bros on
tick tock
yo i'm going to give you a five hours
okay we have a question try to interact
or should we get to it from helen how
often should you post on here so when i
started i posted three times a day now i
post one time a day and my answer but i
don't know feel free to disagree with
nicholas is that you should try to post
at least once per day what do you think
nicholas
i would agree i started once a day then
i was doing two a day
that got to be a bit much now i'm back
to one a day but i think another way to
look at it is you can do like a um like
a longer format video once a day like
something you really put some some
effort into and you edit it and then the
other thing i've i've been trying to do
lately is do very quick responses
because one thing you're going to find
is after you start sharing content
people are going to have questions and
one of the best things you can do is
answer those questions in a video reply
and so for a while i was doing like a a
more in-depth like one minute video that
has some you know fancy editing in it
and then i would also just do a very
quick
reply and so those you can get out much
quicker because if you know your topic
you could just do a reply in like 30
seconds
so you might want to try balancing
between those two types of content
definitely and just a quick plug break
that i have a course coming out uh you
can go to learn.jill.ca tick tock for
business boot camp all my best tips and
use code early bird for 75 off for the
first 75 people uh and nicholas before
we take the next question from cafe biz
girl to you about video editing is there
anything of yours you want to let this
audience know about that they should
tune into
yeah um you can check out my newsletter
i think that's probably where i provide
the most value it's a free newsletter
every week on thursday i send one short
email if you want to learn about growth
marketing tools and tips you can check
out
growthmarketer.com or you can click the
link in my bio
awesome it's the next cafe biz girl
i have to as that teo is in toronto
because of so yeah toronto um a few
simple editing tools to use in making
your tick tock videos i have one that a
lot of people but nicholas is there like
one tool you'd recommend to help when
editing your videos
you know i have not really got into like
third-party tools for editing everything
i've been doing so far is is like native
but one thing i do think is important is
have a good microphone like right now
i'm not using my my microphone because i
i have to figure out how to do it where
you can actually hear yourself and hear
someone else
but i would say like audio quality to me
is more important than um like the fancy
graphics and stuff so definitely invest
in a good audio source for your tic toc
videos
that's a great tip i bought one and it's
not working with my phone so yeah sorry
my video's so terrible no um one little
tool i love doing to add captions
because we don't have the automatic
captions in canada is to use instagram
stories so i actually film everything on
my phone's camera because it's better
and then i bring everything into stories
add the captions sticker and then
download them from stories
and then i bring them into tick-tock to
like crop and edit a post and whatever
and i love it and definitely notice my
engagement went up when i started having
those captions
uh helen asks is there a better time to
post or it doesn't matter i am still
trying to figure out
if it really matters or not i've had
experience in both ways and my
conclusion is the tick tock algorithm
wants what it wants and does what it
does but yeah i know that's not helpful
advice nicholas do you have an opinion
on this one you know i say just test
everything because for your audience it
might be different than for our audience
so early on i was posting very early
midday late at night i've even at one
time i think i posted like a video at 1
am just to see what happens and really
it didn't make a difference
like the the ima the the the videos that
are going to blow up are going to just
be the ones that have a certain type of
content that just blows up but i do
think it's important um to test it
regardless
yeah the one advice i'd give to you
helen is to check your um video your
analytics and actually personal accounts
can do that now you don't need to have a
business account to see your analytics
and it'll show you what time of day your
followers are most active so mine is
between like 1 to 5 p.m eastern which is
why this live is going on at this time
so i try to post in that window because
the first 100 or so people that see a
video are really important because if
they watch it and like it the algorithm
will send it more widely whereas if they
all hate it it won't go very far um so
check when your audience but like that
being said i've posted videos at 7 00
a.m
and 11 p.m sometimes i do well sometimes
they don't so i'd say general guidance
versus rule of thumb would you say so
nicholas
yeah exactly
yeah
everyone is a facebook marketing expert
until ios 14 came out oh yeah
it's actually a fun story i just became
facebook certified
last week
uh thank you um because i wanted to
understand the platform more deeply so
that when i'm talking about stuff in
google i can like
compare and contrast the two i still
think that a lot of facebook's metrics
and reporting are total garbage um but
there are cool benefits to uh to the
platform but yeah ios 14s would have
painted everyone's butts
um yes toronto yay
um
i'm just gonna go ahead once my most
viral video was posted at 2 30 a.m
eastern i haven't figured out yet good
question and i think the video he's
talking about is one i've seen again
he's a new creator
and uh like only has what a dozen videos
now and that one has a hundred thousand
views i saw that too so
there you go time of day not the most
important thing
lance wants to know and let me make sure
there's not a follow-up here i'm missing
yes uh
where can we learn about all the
technical setup
for tick-tock youtube instagram etc
when you say technical setup i'm not
sure exactly
what you're referring to there do you
know nicholas
no but i i think in general like i think
a lot of us get hung up on technology
and oh i have to have everything perfect
and i have to have the perfect lighting
and the perfect editing software and i
would say as long as people can see you
and they can hear you don't worry too
much about the technical setup i would
say that's what um
holds a lot of us back i know for me
when i was starting podcasting in 2015 i
procrastinated for months because i
didn't have the perfect microphone and a
mixer and all this stuff and then one
day i was like i'm just gonna do it with
whatever i have and it ended up not
really mattering and i'm so glad that i
jumped into it when i did so
um yeah i would say just go with the
basics good microphone
you could start with just editing your
videos in the tick tock platform you
don't need third party
software for it and most importantly
focus on the content don't focus on
promoting something focus on how can you
bring value to your audience
absolutely and nicholas where can people
find your podcast if they'd like to oh
yeah you can just search on any podcast
platform for growth marketing toolbox or
you can also check the link in my
bio growth marketing toolbox thank you
and i agree with the point don't wait
for all the right equipment um
i was going to wait to create my first
course until i could borrow a friend's
super fan camera and then i was like i
don't think people are gonna care that
much i think they just want to hear the
information i have to say and so i just
sat down in my room propped my
laptop on my bed with my webcam and just
recorded it and it's out and i can
always fix it up later right um and i'm
mentioning uh for those who are uh newer
to the live that i have a tick tock for
business boot camp coming out
learn.jill.ca and you can get 75 off
with code earlybird
um
let's see the things that like post them
with the wrong hashtag
um different things like that yeah i
wrote a little bit about this in my
course but i'm gonna say it's kind of
the same as the time of day
thing nicholas like hashtags can help
but like your video is not gonna blow up
because you chose the right hashtag and
it's also not gonna fail
because you chose the wrong bag put a
little time in
put a few hashtags
move on would you say
yeah i think like all of these little
things are like they're gonna help you
get one percent better like having a
better microphone one percent better
having the right hashtags one percent
better posting at the ideal time for
your audience one percent better but in
the grand scheme of things you'll still
only be five percent better if your
content is terrible so if you
only share you know bad content that's
not helpful all those little things
don't matter but the inverse of that if
you have amazing content that people
love and you're actually giving people
something that they can
learn from or they get entertained by
then even if you don't have all those
other little things figured out i think
you're going to be okay
absolutely content is king what you say
matters so much more and we've all seen
that right you're scrolling through your
feed and you see some random video
and then you look and you see it has
millions of likes and sometimes i'm also
rolling on the floor laughing i get it
and sometimes
but again we're all here for
business right and so as a business like
you don't need to have a viral million
view video right you just need your
video to get in front of your target
audience and provide enough value for
them that they're going to start coming
to you with their problems and look to
you for a solution whether it's through
a free newsletter or an online course or
one-on-one agency or consulting services
um so again i think we're both hammering
the same point here just value
something um
that one of my business school
professors said that's really you have
to create value before you can capture
value nice you have to create value for
someone else by offering it to create
something and then you can
capture it in the form of getting paid
or eyeballs or whatever it might be
um podono's says i'm the first food
vlogger in mauritius cool i've been to
mauritius by the way beautiful wow wish
i was there right now instead of toronto
what i found out good content will
always work content is so important
innovate and be true to yourself that is
so so
true
yeah and being a food vlogger mauritius
must be amazing with all the fresh
produce and different things you have
there so that's super cool
and hi to those that are just joining
i'm jill i'm joined here by nicholas we
are both marketing experts who have
grown our businesses using tick tock and
are sharing our best tips and tricks
with you here today so if you have any
questions uh let us know and we'll keep
chatting for another 15 minutes or so
yeah
my torontonian says for my biz looking
for a better way to piece together food
videos that we film in steps so it's not
so choppy
so you're looking for like video editing
advice because so that's not my area of
expertise um but one thing that could be
helpful if it sounds like it's also not
your area of expertise is to try to
simplify you can have pictures rather
than video footage of your food and then
just use canva video templates to create
like a little mini slideshow of them and
then suddenly you have video content i
actually did this when i was running a
youtube ad for a client
that had no video content but we want to
run ads on youtube we have no videos um
so i took
stock photos and used a canva template
and just changed the colors to their
brand colors and put it on youtube and
it's driving conversions for their
business and i think comes out to get
content
like creating value is key the
production value of that video is not
good but it just quickly
explains that company's value
proposition which is i think why that
video performs well
um let's see other creators so as we
mentioned earlier in this slide nicholas
you and i don't actually know each other
but we sort of met through tick-tock and
like each other's content and just
recognized that each other knew what
they were talking about and so wanted to
collaborate like this who are some of
your other uh favorite marketing
creators on tick tock oh
uh todd maffin who i believe is also a
canadian uh for today in digital yeah i
remember i've always been a fan of his
podcast i had him on my podcast a while
back and i think he was like one of the
very early marketers on the platform
that just blew up um and i've always i
remember listening to his podcast and
he's like yeah i'm gonna try this tick
tock thing and i was like oh you're
gonna do that that lip syncing platform
oh good luck with that and then like
three months later he's like this
superstar on the platform so yeah i
think
i think his handle is today in digital
definitely check out that he has an
amazing podcast as well where it's one
of the few daily marketing podcasts
where you get updates on what's
happening in digital marketing
yeah that's a great one i would second
that i was actually a guest on one of
his um zoom calls
recently
and uh and yes we canadians like to
stick together
a lot of great canadian marketers i have
to say there's you know so many amazing
marketers in canada so many amazing
marketing tool companies like unbounce
thinkific shopify
it's it's quite impressive
yeah yeah black was originally canadian
um interesting so one of my favorites to
sell anything online she doesn't post as
much anymore
but she's australian and actually runs a
packaging business and started creating
tick tocks i think around her book
launch and again blew up such valuable
content
uh another great one um is it x me
jewels um she shares great for video
uh and shares a great instagram tip that
now when i go to instagram i can tell
which businesses follow her on tick tock
her advice that now i see other people
sharing is that every day you want to
post your story with a fate with your
face and a poll or something interactive
and so i try to do that and when i see
other business owners i'm like we all
follow edx mutuals on tick tock
um lance also canadian see followers
here canadian uh should i attach a
funnel to my tick tock link so if you
have a tick tock link in bio which is a
business you can always do on a personal
account i believe you need at least a
thousand followers to be able to have a
clickable link there
should i attach a funnel to that what do
you think nicholas
yes well when you say funnel i think you
know we have to sort of define that but
if the idea is build your audience off
platform as well as on platform so build
your audience on tiktok but also try to
build your audience outside of tiktok
absolutely because um you know there's a
lot of marketers who will say uh you
know you don't own your audience on tick
tock but like if you if you're building
an email list you own that list and so
no matter what happens to social media
which can come and go you're going to
own that list so
absolutely try to get as much of your
audience off platform
as possible and i think the easiest way
to do that is to create a really
compelling lead magnet where you know
it's a very simple landing page there's
a call to action you opt in you get
their email address and then um you know
that's that's amazing but you have to do
it in a way where you're providing value
you're not just selling like if you're
just going in with the hey here's my tic
toc video buy my product i see a lot of
people do that and it doesn't work
because they haven't built that that
connection with their audience yet so
you have to have a more of a long-term
strategy where you're starting with
something free and then you're nurturing
that um that lead ultimately to that
purchase of whatever that may be
and nicholas you bring up attention that
a lot of us feel especially as business
owners with social media platforms which
is that tick tock wants to keep us all
in tick tock as long as possible and as
business owners we want to use tick tock
to get people off
and onto our other platforms and so i
think that's why like you can't put a
link in a video
right like you can't and you can only
have a link in your bio at a certain
place and then if you put a link tree
tick tock will say oh like this isn't
safe
and on instagram how like they're just
now going to give you the chance to put
a link
on a story um so i think it's like
really interesting to keep in mind as
well that like tick tock wants to keep
you on tick tock and so if your video is
only ever saying here's my product go
buy it here's my product go buy it um
tick tock is not going to want to show
that
to people um so that's another reason
you need to add value for your audience
foster them here and like yes you do
want to get people off platform to other
places but you have to do it
strategically and give them a reason to
and that's where something like a funnel
can be useful because it's not just go
visit my website and buy
it's like hey go to my website to sign
up for my free newsletter um and learn
more about this so yeah we're creating a
group that's another
a really good call to action is to
create a group because people love to
belong to a tribe right right now we're
the the tribe of marketers and business
folks who want to learn and so um you
know if you can build a facebook group
or some type of free resource that
people can join that's you're now
providing value that you really can't
get on tick tock because they don't have
that type of group interaction so that
could be a great way to start building
that funnel off platform and then that
can lead into some other calls to action
for that audience
absolutely and to those who are just
joining you're here with me jill the
google pro and nicholas growth marketer
uh we're talking about growing our
businesses on tick tock and over the
last half hour we've covered a lot of
ground how to get started on tick tock
the importance of creating value from
the fakes we've made some other creators
we look up to
and uh different ways you can grow your
business on tick tock as well um so if
you want to hear more from nicholas and
you should he puts up great content you
can sign up for his free newsletter on
his website and check out his podcast
been around for six years of your
podcast is that right i can't believe it
yeah
yep yeah super it feels like everyone's
creating a podcast now that you you're
truly an expert in that space and i also
have a free marketing newsletter
bi-weekly not weekly because i was
getting a little burnt out um and then i
have a new course that you can pre-order
now tick tock for business boot camp
dot jill dot ca code early bird for 75
percent off uh so a couple minutes uh
left in our live today if you have any
questions please do add them below and i
see latillas joined nice to see you
latila um so next nicholas um i would
love to ask what would i love to ask
it flew out of my brain i'm going to
think about it for a moment i'll ask you
a question what's on your mind nicholas
tell us about your your your work what
do you do what does a typical day look
like um yeah what type of client work do
you do
yeah thank you for asking uh so i'm a
marketing consultant
coach creator i guess an instructor so
my work day is very varied it's because
it came to me opportunistically you know
i worked at google for six years i left
just a few months ago
i wasn't planning to start my own
business i was actually planning to go
work at another company and then that
fell through and then i thought wtf am i
going to do
so the services i offer now are i help
companies with their google ads getting
up and running auditing how they can
improve um and then i also do a lot of
marketing coaching so i have a few
businesses that have hired me not to do
their google ads but to coach their
in-house marketing team or their
in-house agency on how they can do
google ads better which is great um and
then i also do mentorship with startups
i'm an entrepreneur in residence at a
few different incubators and really
spinning into other kinds of marketing
beyond google as well and we talked
about that a bit earlier in the live
nicholas so like my growth and my number
is google and the google ecosystem
um but i know that people need a lot of
digital marketing help outside of that
and so that's why i've launched my tick
tock for business course and why i got
certified in facebook ads and just
trying to more holistically help
entrepreneurs grow their businesses uh
so that's what i knew and what about you
nicholas i know you've been running your
own agency in florida for quite a while
yeah since 2015 and we specialize in
landing pages and email marketing
so we work with two platforms in
particular uh unbounce another amazing
canadian company from vancouver um we're
unbounce agency partners and then we
work with active campaign which is a
very popular marketing automation
platform used by over 150 000 businesses
and we are active campaign certified
consultants and so we're just bouncing
around those two platforms all day
helping um in the past five years
hundreds of small businesses
mostly in the service space law firms
professional services we don't really do
a lot of e-commerce work um but yeah
that's what i do all day
yeah and it can be busy days right lots
of meetings and then spending time and
platform and then
new business opportunities and then
creating all this content
what um you tell us you don't have to
share specifics you know but just like a
client or a business opportunity that
came from tick tock you know earlier we
spoke about how you've really been able
to use to carry email list but if is
there like a client or someone you sign
who says like yeah i heard about you on
tick tock
yeah you know it's interesting because
it's it's hard to track it back
to the source but there's definitely
been a sense of
people are seeing your content in all
different types of places because not
only am i posting on tick tock but i'll
post the tick tock content on instagram
and you know
trying out some other platforms too like
youtube shorts where i'll take the same
idea and sort of expand it out so i i
think it helps
in two ways first there's that direct
connection where someone might see your
content on tick tock reach out to you
and that's the start of a great uh
business opportunity the other thing
that i've noticed is that people will
find me or find our agency organically
like you know searching on google and
they have no idea about the tick tock
stuff but then as they're researching me
and the company and the content that
we're sharing then they discover this uh
you know little tick tock uh area of all
these other um resources and i think
that adds to your credibility and
therefore it makes the decision so much
easier for someone to want to work with
you because now it's like they know you
and the same thing happens with
podcasting where you know they may not
know that that i have a podcast they
check out our website they find out that
i have a podcast they listen to a few
episodes and it's like it just makes the
sales process so so much easier so i
think outside of that direct uh
connection from someone just finding you
from tiktok there's also this sort of
social proof aspect of creating content
and positioning yourself as an expert in
the industry that's going to help you
time and time again when it comes to
closing deals
the great point it's kind of like having
a virtual resume a little better than a
resume it's like if someone's trying to
hire me for a marketing workshop they
can look at my tic toc content or my
youtube videos and get a really good
sense of like what i know and what i'm
going to be like and if they want to
work with me um
that way looks like we have time for one
more
there's two more questions here so um we
will do
lance's question and sam sensei's
question and then we'll wrap it up for
today um so lance wants to know is it
realistic that i could live from this
within three to six months and i think
the answer to that is no can you live
from being exclusively a content creator
and making your money from like the
creator fund if you have that where you
live and brand deals and whatever like
probably not not a knock on you lance
i'm sure you're wonderful but like
that's really hard to do um and also
depends on what you mean by make a
living in three to six months would be a
really quick time frame from that but if
the question is instead like can you
in within three to six months build
enough of a platform on tick tock that
it's driving real business to whatever
your actual core business is
absolutely um i joined i started
creating videos in mid-may so so i've
been on tick tock for three and a half
months
uh
and i would say at least 50 of my
business so far has come
from tick tock
yeah my toddler's outside the door
yelling if you hear something but one
more question before i go out to her and
that is from um sensei one of your
followers i believe nicholas who is your
favorite type of client do you want to
take that one first nicholas
sure yeah we actually love working with
marketing agencies um because what i
find are a lot of marketing agencies
love to run uh facebook ads and google
ads but then the traffic that they're
sending from those ads does not go to
like an optimized landing page and so
we're really good at working with
agencies and helping them create highly
optimized landing pages and we don't
conflict with them because we don't run
traffic we don't run ads we don't do any
of that stuff so it's a great win-win
opportunity for us to come in there and
sort of white label under an agency and
just get them really going with with
high converting landing pages for their
clients
and my favorite type of client is one
who is
patient and respects my expertise you
know sometimes with a client who comes
in
and they want to see results right away
and they want to email me every day
asking me stuff and i've saw this
analogy from someone else gonna come
with it but it's sort of like you know
if your doctor's operating on you you
don't wake up and it'll go excuse me did
you miss the spot over there
public marketing because you'll consume
on these platforms we all
you know want to get really involved so
i'd say it's really tricky for me to be
successful as a marketer if a client is
trying to like log into the account
every day and change things after i've
just set them up or emailing me two
questions a day every single day to
check on something then i can't get the
work done i need to get done um with
organic platforms as you know it takes
time to build and grow and even with
paid platforms it's not just like
overnight boom we magically have 10
extra sales so i'd say my favorite type
of client is one who is patient and and
respects my expertise and allows me to
to do my job and help them grow their
business
well that's going to wrap us up for
today first of all i want to thank all
of you for joining us and for your
questions it's been a pleasure i want to
thank nicholas for joining me here today
and sharing his expertise i highly
recommend you follow nicholas he shares
great marketing advice he has a
newsletter that comes out every week and
his podcast growth marketing toolbox and
if you'd like to hear more from me you
can follow me visit my website to sign
up for my free newsletter and if you
want to pre-order my tick tock for
business boot camp it's at learn.jill.ca
code early bird to get 75 off
thank you so much awesome
thanks everyone